Consistent use of 'Zarr format 2 or 3' (#2645)
zarr-developers/zarr-python: docs/user-guide/extending.rst

-------------

.. note::

>     This section explains how custom codecs can be created for Zarr format 3 data. For Zarr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This section explains how custom codecs can be created for Zarr v3 data. For Zarr
```

Author: Here, I would suggest:
```suggestion
    This section explains how custom codecs can be created for Zarr format 3 arrays. For Zarr
```
